RESUME FOR PORTFOLIO PAGE [more details on Projects and Work His]

TUYEN, THI CHU NGUYEN(MS.)

Organized and detail-oriented professional with a background in process optimization, data management and customer service. Having recently relocated to Prague, I am looking for analytical roles in Process, Business or Data domains. I am committed to leveraging my analytical skills and technical knowledge to learn and grow professionally.
I am based in Prague, have a long-term residence permit and am eligible to work in the Czech Republic.

INFORMATION

Phone number: +420 773 710 677
Email: tuyenntc@gmail.com 
Github: https://github.com/tuyenntc
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tuyenntc/

WORK HISTORY
Collection Process Analyst - Home Credit Vietnam | 2019 - 2022

* Developed Collection processes which comply with new changes and requirements from the State Bank of Viet Nam regarding local Collection practices and Customer support during Covid-19 pandemic while upholding confidentiality standards and adhering to Group guidelines from headquarters in Prague.
Example: Due to the Covid situation, we needed to take actions swiftly: inform clients about a new Loan Restructuring tool, having in place a process to handle all incoming LS requests and change system parameters to handle each step automatically.
* Optimized processes while collaborating across departments to drive strategic improvements, with focus on increasing cash collected while decreasing complaints regarding collection activities.
Example: Late collection call center team using predictive dialing instead of manual dialing resulting in 50 % increased efficiency and 20 % increased cash collected.
* Followed up with any implementation changes and made necessary adjustments to finetune our existing processes. 
Example: Listen to call recordings, give and receive feedback from operational teams

Customer Experience Trainer | Grab Vietnam | 2017 - 2019

* Developed training programs to enhance service quality and efficiency, resulting in consistent customer satisfaction.
* Cooperated with The Quality Control team to do follow-ups, feedback, coaching and retraining of operators.

Collection Project Coordinator - Home Credit Vietnam | 2012 - 2017
* Streamlined collection processes to boost collection performance.
* Investigated problems (drop in performance in a specific group, increased number of cases of operator cheating) and proposed solutions to said problems.
* Lead Collection Projects with focus on improving Training Operator, Quality Control and testing our new approaches (Minimize cheating in Collection activities, automize PTP Followups, Train the trainers, etc.)
SKILLS
MySQL, C, Bash, Shell Scripting, Git, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Microsoft Office, Jira

PORTFOLIO
[ADD CONTENT HERE FOR THE PORTFOLIO]

EDUCATION
Hoa Sen University - English Literature (BA) - December 2011
Web Application Full-stack Coding Bootcamp Praha - July 2023
42Prague - Software Engineering - From November 2023 - Present 

REFERENCE: Reference will be provided on request
